Transitioning to esxtsvc.json (#32102)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/config/advanced_config_file.md

Similarly, because we set the environment variables to use those configuration files, the frontend should have loaded them into the database upon startup. You should now see Sourcegraph configured!

## Transitioning to configuration via the file system

Transitioning from a UI based configuration to file system based configuration can be accomplished following the steps above but there are some things to be considered.

> Sourcegraph reads from the new extsvc.json file and creates a new entry in the databse for any _new_ code host config it finds there. **This will not cause a reclone of repos sycnhed via the UI based configs**. However it is still advised that admins prevent the generation of duplicate code host configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sourcegraph reads from the new `extsvc.json` file and creates a new entry in the database for any _new_ code host config it finds there. **This will not cause a reclone of the repositories synced via the UI based configs**. However it is still advised that admins prevent the generation of duplicate code host configurations.
```

As Sourcegraph reads from an `extsvc.json` file it reads from the top level schema and creates a new config with display name `<codehost type> #<position in json>` For example in the `extsvc.config` below GITHUB #1, GITHUB #2, GITHUB #3, and GITLAB #1 external service configs will be generated.

```json
    {
      "GITHUB": [
        {
          "url": "https://github.com",
          "token": "secret",
          "repos": [
            "latveria/doombot",
            "latveria/darkhold",
            "latveria/timemachine"
          ]
        },
        {
          "url": "https://github.com",
          "token": "secret",
          "orgs": ["sourcegraph"]
        },
        {
          "url": "https://github.com",
          "token": "secret",
          "orgs": [],
          "repos": [
            "grafana/grafana",
            "sourcegraph/deploy-sourcegraph-twit-test",
            "kubernetes/kubernetes",
          ]
        }
      ],
      "GITLAB": [
        {
          "url": "https://gitlab.com",
          "token": "secret",
          "projectQuery": [
            "projects?membership=true&archived=no"
          ]
        }
      ]
    } 
```

> You can avoid generation of a new config by changing the display name of your UI based config to match the relative display name which will be generated by the new `extsvc.json` file. For Sourceegraph to view a codehost config as already present its `display_name`, `kind`, and `config` must not change. You can take a look at these values in the `pgsql` database via the sql query `sg=# select id, display_name, kind, config from external_services order by id;`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can avoid generation of a new config by changing the display name of your UI based config to match the relative display name which will be generated by the new `extsvc.json` file. For Sourcegraph to view a codehost config as already present its `display_name`, `kind`, and `config` **must not** change. You can take a look at these values in the database by running the following SQL query:

`sg=# select id, display_name, kind, config from external_services order by id;`
```
